They … (to celebrate) their wedding since last Friday.;have been celebrating
I … (to play) the violin for a long time when my friends came.;had been playing
Wake up! You … (to sleep) for 12 hours already!;have been sleeping
We … (to sunbathe) on the beach for several hours by the time she reads our letter.;will have been sunbathing
The boy took the toys which little Mary … (to play) with.;had been playing
Tony … (to speak) on the phone since breakfast time.;has been speaking
Mark … (to choose) a new telephone for an hour before he bought it.;had been choosing
Liz … (to translate) the book for ages.;has been translating
He said he … (to wait) for us for half an hour.;had been waiting
By tonight I … (to keep) to a diet for 2 weeks already.;will have been keeping
I … (to work) in Brazil at this time next year.;will be working
Dad … (to work) in the garden next Sunday.;will work
By next Monday she … (to work) here for one month already.;will have worked
In May our Russian teacher … (to work) at our school for 30 years!;will have been working
He … (to read) the report by that time.;will have read
We … (to read) the letters when you come.;will be reading
Pearson … (to read) the contract tomorrow.;will read
Ann … (to read) this book for two weeks the day after tomorrow.;will have been reading
Our taxi … (to arrive) by 9 o’clock yesterday morning.;had arrived
Let’s go. The guests have already … (to arrive).;arrived
They … (to arrive) by the time the meeting starts.;will have arrived
I am tired of waiting. Where you … (to be) ?;Where have you been?
By the time I’m 30 I … (to be) a famous scientist.;will have been
He didn’t remember where he … (to be) before the accident.;had been
We … (to paint) the house by next Tuesday.;will have painted
She … (to paint) more than 10 pictures already.;has painted
I wondered if they … (to paint) the room.;had painted
Sam … (lose) his keys. So he can’t open the door.;has lost
When I woke up in the morning, the rain already … (stop).;had already stopped
I hope I … (finish) my test by midnight.;will have finished
The film turned out to be much longer than we … (expect).;had expected
My sister just … (leave) for the bank.;has just left
The girls were good friends. They … (know) each other for 5 years.;had known
Mother … (lay) the table before we come.;will have laid
I never … (try) Japanese food.;have never tried
Ted was so happy because his dream … (come) true.;had come
We … (be) to Paris many times.;have been
The sun … (to shine) yesterday morning.;was shining
The sun … (to shine) brightly now.;is shining
Tomorrow the sun … (to shine) all day long.;will be shining
I … (to write) a postcard at the moment.;am writing
I … (to write) a postcard when you phoned.;was writing
I … (to write) a lot of Christmas cards tomorrow evening.;will be writing
We … (to sit) in the garden at 3 o’clock yesterday afternoon.;were sitting
This time tomorrow we … (to sit) in the garden.;will be sitting
We … (to sit) in the garden now.;are sitting
I … (study) Japanese online from 5 till 6 tomorrow evening.;will be studying
Listen! Why the dogs … (bark)?;Why are the dogs barking?
She … (wear) a yellow coat when I saw her.;was wearing
They … (take) their driving test next Monday.;will be taking
I dropped my wallet when I … (get) on the bus.;was getting
What you … (do) in my office yesterday?;were you doing
Bob … (feel) much better today.;is feeling;is feeling
The kids … (watch) cartoons in their room now.;are watching
I’m afraid she … (sleep) in ten minutes.;will be sleeping
We … (have) tea soon?;Shall we be having